# **Souvik Ray**

- **Email:** souvikray@live.com
- **Phone:** 204-698-4682
- **Location:** Winnipeg MB

### Summary

I am a final year student at the University of Manitoba pursuing a major in Computer Science and a minor in Economics. Certified IBM Data Analyst with a strong foundation in technology and commerce. Eager to develop skills in using technology to drive business and financial strategies. Looking to pursue the CPA designation upon graduation.

### Experience

#### Software Developer - Android
**Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto Ontario**  
*05/2021 - 09/2021*

- Conducted thorough testing and debugging of applications to identify and resolve issues, ensuring optimal performance.
- Prototyped new features and functionality in alignment with project requirements and design specifications.
- Proactively researched and stayed up-to-date with the latest Android development trends, tools, and best practices.

#### Strategy Consulting Virtual Experience Program
**Boston Consulting Group, Winnipeg MB**  
*08/2020*

- Strategy Consulting Virtual Experience Program Certificate from Forage (earlier Inside Sherpa).
- Efficiently cleaned, analyzed, and dashboarded data.
- Performed case studies to give recommendations to clients based on a data-driven, insight-based strategy.

### Education

**Computer Science - Economics**  
University of Manitoba, Winnipeg Manitoba  
Expected Graduation: 04/2024

### Technologies
- **Cloud Computing:** AWS
- **Data Analysis:** Cleaning, analyzing, and dashboarding with Cognos, PowerBI, Microsoft Excel
- **Programming Languages:** Python, Java, Javascript, SQL

### Certificates

- Google Digital Marketing Certificate
- IBM Professional Data Analyst Certificate
